I see you see the bad day like while I
whip it like this alright y'all what is
up so I got a new trailer reaction here
for a Street Fighter 5 and the callee
reveal trailer let's get this thing
going and see what they got for us man
Oh
mm oh my god
okay Sam slant him into the floor yo Ken
Ken was trying to get some hands and he
said nod oh he's not done yet
okay Super Saiyan God is here
oh just stomping on you'd have a rising
punch
damn ken got rekt son oh my goodness Oh
deal yo he held him up like yes we
winning dude what's up
PlayStation dude oh he said come at me
who's next man oh my goodness that was
disgusting dude he was destroying that
dude man anyways that was I was crazy
man the way he was going in that was a
really really dirty type of fighting
style you know just like picking him by
the face through his threw him into the
ground I was like take my wallet take my
take everything dude just don't mess
with me I'm good I ain't messing with
you man
so anyways what do you guys think about
this trailer for guys once you get off
yourself link will be in description box
down below let me know what you guys
think about it and who's your favorite
player for Street Fighter let me know so
I'll see y'all later stay tuned for the
next reaction peace